Good Coffee – Cheaper than Prozac! - Unknown
Coffee is a way of stealing time which should by rights belong to your older self. - Terry Pratchett
No one can understand the truth until he drinks of coffee's frothy goodness. - Sheik Abd-al-Kabir
To an old man a cup of coffee is like the door post of an old house - it sustains and strengthens him. - Old Bourbon Proverb
People say money can't buy happiness. They Lie. Money buys Coffee, Coffee makes Me Happy! - Unknown
Decaffeinated coffee is like a hairless cat, it exists, but that doesn't make it right. - Unknown
Coffee makes us severe, and grave, and philosophical. - Jonathan Swift, 1722
I orchestrate my mornings to the tune of coffee. - Terri Guillemets
Conscience keeps more people awake than coffee. - Unknown
Should I kill myself, or have a cup of coffee? - Albert Camus
My coffee machine is the most beautiful person in the world to me. - Unknown
Sometimes I stay up so late that I have my morning coffee before I go to bed. - Unknown
Good communication is as stimulating as black coffee, and just as hard to sleep after. - Anne Morrow Lindbergh
Drinking beer in a coffee mug. I feel like I am cheating on my coffee. - Unknown
We are cups, constantly and quietly being filled. Trick is knowing how to tip ourselves over and let the beautiful stuff out. - Unknown
Coffee is the best thing to douse the sunrise with. - Terri Guillemets
Everyone should believe in something. I believe I will have another coffee. - Unknown
Coffee should be black as Hell, strong as death, and sweet as love. - Unknown
I don't know what I'd do without coffee. I'm guessing 25 to life. - Unknown
Science may never come up with a better office communication system than the coffee break. - Earl Wilson
A 41-inch bust and a lot of perseverance will get you more than a cup of coffee – a lot more. - Jayne Mansfield
Good communication is just as stimulating as black coffee, and just as hard to sleep after. - Anne Morrow Lindbergh
7 days without coffee makes one WEAK. - Unknown
Caffeine - It maintains my sunny personality. - Unknown
The powers of a man's mind are directly proportional to the quantity of coffee he drank. - Sir James MacKintosh
I'm going to start measuring the complexity of coding tasks in coffee cups. “This was a five-espresso algorithm." - Unknown
A mathematician is a device for turning coffee into theorems. - Paul Erdos
Coffee smells like freshly ground heaven. - Jessi Lane Adams
Decaf? No, it's dangerous to dilute my caffeine stream. - Unknown
Doctors found traces of blood in my coffee stream. - Unknown
Did I run out of caffeine or are you really that boring? - Unknown
If it wasn't for coffee, I'd have no discernible personality at all. - David Letterman
Compared to Clinton, I feel like a loser. I can't even get the intern to make me coffee! - David Letterman
Coffee which makes the politician wise, and see through all things with his half-shut eyes. - Alexander Pope
I like my coffee with cream and my literature with optimism. - Pemberley by the Sea, Abigail Reynolds
I like my coffee strong and my women weak. - Alexander Pappas
Coffee. Creative lighter fluid. - Floyd Maxwell
A morning without coffee is like sleep. - Unknown
Every morning I long to hold you...I need you, I want you, your warmth, your smell, your taste...ohhh coffee, I love you. - Unknown
Drink coffee! Do Stupid Things Faster with More Energy. - Unknown
Coffee! Is the planet shaking or is just me? - Unknown
How far behind would technology be, if no one ever discovered coffee? - Unknown
I'm a romantic. I like cold Coffee and orgasms that arrive fifteen minutes after I've put on my clothes and paid the lady. - Jarod Kintz
Even bad coffee is better... than no Coffee at all. - David Lynch
Adventure in life is good... consistency in Coffee even better. - Justina Headley, North of Beautiful
I like instant gratification. It's like instant Coffee, only it won't keep you up all night. - Jarod Kintz
What do you want?... Just Coffee. Black – like my soul. - Cassandra Clare, City of Bones
I would rather suffer with coffee than be senseless. - Napoleon Bonaparte
I never drink coffee at lunch. I find it keeps me awake for the afternoon. - Ronald Reagan
Television is not real life. In real life people actually have to leave the coffee shop and go to jobs. - Bill Gates
Like everyone else who makes the mistake of getting older, I begin each day with coffee and obituaries.class="author"> - Bill Cosby
If this is coffee, please bring me some tea; but if this is tea, please bring me some coffee. - Abraham Lincoln
A cup of gourmet coffee shared with a friend is happiness tasted and time well spent. - Unknown
Adventure in life is good. Consistency in coffee even better. - Justina Headley
A morning without coffee is like sleep. - Unknown
Life's too short to drink cheap coffee. - Unknown
Everybody should believe in something. I believe I'll have another coffee. - Unknown
The road to success is paved in coffee. - Unknown
This coffee tastes like mud! Well, it was ground this morning. - Unknown
I think if I were a woman I'd wear coffee as a perfume. - John Van Druten
There is no live without water. Because water is needed to make coffee. - Unknown
To drink is human. To drink coffee is divine. - Unknown
Given enough coffee I could rule the world. - Unknown
A cup of coffee shared with a friend is happiness tasted and time well spent. - Unknown
I don't have a problem with caffeine. I have a problem without it. - Unknown
Drink Coffee. Do stupid things even faster with more energy. - Unknown
Caffeine-The other Vitamin C. - Unknown
I have measured out my life with coffee spoons. - T. S. Eliot
Black as the devil, hot as hell, pure as an angel, sweet as love. - Charles Maurice de Talleyrand
You can tell when you have crossed the frontier into Germany because of the badness of the coffee. - Edward VII
Forever: Time it takes to brew the first pot of coffee in the morning. - Unknown
Caffeine isn't a drug, it's a vitamin. - Unknown
Coffee is a beverage that puts one to sleep when not drank. - Alphonse Allais
Sleep is a symptom of caffeine deprivation. - Unknown
Decaffeinated coffee is kind of like kissing your sister. - Bob Irwin
The first cup is for the guest, the second for enjoyment, the third for the sword. - Old Arabic Saying
There's nothing sweeter than a cup of bitter coffee. - Rian Aditia
Deja Brew: The feeling that you've had this coffee before. - Unknown
Politics now is rather like going into Starbucks for a coffee. - Rory Bremner
I judge a restaurant by the bread and by the coffee. - Burt Lancaster
I like cappuccino, actually. But even a bad cup of coffee is better than no coffee at all. - David Lynch
Coffee in England is just toasted milk. - Christopher Fry
I like my coffee like I like my women. In a plastic cup. - Eddie Izzard
Once you wake up and smell the coffee, it's hard to go back to sleep. - Fran Drescher
COFFEE.SYS Not Found: User startup disabled. - Unknown
C:>http://COFFEE.COM error. Contact programmer J. Valdez. - Unknown
C:\COFFEE.POT missing (A)bort (R)etry (F)all asleep? - Mathatma Ghandhi
I could serve coffee using my rear as a ledge. - Jennifer Lopez
Do you know how helpless you feel if you have a full cup of coffee in your hand and you start to sneeze? - Jean Kerr
Like everyone else who makes the mistake of getting older, I begin each day with coffee and obituaries. - Bill Cosby
Do Lipton employees take coffee breaks? - Steven Wright
When traveling with someone, take large does of patience and tolerance with your morning coffee. - Helen Hayes
Our culture runs on coffee and gasoline, the first often tasting like the second. - Edward Abbey